Handling of regular images by the book manager.
===============================================

Two places/situations will request a regular sized page image.

    (i) selection, i.e. when page X is selected, system gets its
	image.

    (ii) background pre-generation, i.e. for all images found we
	 request them once, to ensure that they are created if they do
	 not exist yet.

Of these two (i) is a high-priority thing, as the user wishes to see
the image. It is also something we must be able to cancel. I.e. when
the user switches to a different page and the image for the previously
current one has not arrived yet then this old request should either
get normal priority or not be done at all.

Situation (ii) on the other hand is something which can be defered
until after all the thumbnails have been done. This one should look
towards (i) to know which pages are already done while the user was
browsing.

The problem with (i) and cancellation is that the user is, in
principle, isolated from the internals of the producers. Miss the
requested tuple, and the producer automatically starts the generation
process. And the consumer automatically waits for the result/return
event.

As such a switch to a different image will simply make another
request, if the data was missing.

Prioritization has happen in the producer. I.e. the producer, knowing
that a particular request has priority then takes the necessary
actions to get it into the scaling tasks as fast as possible, if that
is required at all.

The dispatcher then also has to keep track of the requests waiting for
execution, so that it can take lower-priority request back to make
place for the high priority one. And putting them back when it knows
that the high-priority request is taken and executing.

... side note ... Make dataflow diagrams for the producer internals,
showing direct and indirect control flow ...
